hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be sharing with you my university
night routine for 2020. this is probably
the most relaxed
night routine i have i started taking
the evenings
to wind down as opposed to being
productive and
so you will definitely see a change so
between 6
and 7 30 i will head downstairs from
work and
blakely and i will catch up maybe have a
mug of tea
and also dance
every evening we dance
my tender heart tends to start to bleed
and when someone needs a makeover i
simply have to take over i know i know
though it's the toughest case i've yet
to face
love love we're gonna make you
pop you learn yeah so as you can see
this is usually
to a musical song today we were doing
popular from wicked and
it's a really great way to finish the
day it gives you loads of energy
and it always really makes me
where it fail driving through days and
nights
we sometimes like to bake as well so
tonight we made banana bread
we don't do this every night
[Music]
it's supposed to be rustic blackness
pastry rustic
no that's not what fibonacci you were
telling before about the
fibonacci area with the golden ratio
yeah golden carrot ratio
yay atrocious wonderful
it can be a competition race who can
chop the fastest well i've already got
one
carrot chocolate stop
we've got knives you can't do that can
you imagine like in the video
we both chop off each other's hands
in my night routine she's like
why are you even dropping your carrots
ah how are you because ruby i can
chop like a throw are we gonna do um
coins or are you gonna do slices for
kosher
oh we have to do slices
[Music]
i think that's part of the rules
inspection i didn't mention that would
be uniform
like what hollywood says really no no
it's rustic i already told you i had a
rustic chopper well we didn't agree to
rusty
how's they done and they keep going oh
no i was just perfecting
my art i think you said plastic it is
frosting
rustically beautifully chopped uh-huh
mm-hmm
but you're making up a new art category
called that coin hmm truce
[Applause]
[Music]
heading back to what used to be home
passing by those little
[Music]
is
oh that's just not aesthetic look at the
difference in aesthetics this is what
it's supposed to look like that's what
it tastes like
this is what it actually ended up
looking like
banana bread we might also watch some
youtube or watch an episode of sherlock
or something together before
heading upstairs but after that i will
go upstairs
first thing i do is take my contact
lenses out at this time it's around
nine o'clock but it could be as late as
11 it just depends
[Music]
i brush my teeth
if it's around nine then i usually will
do another half an hour of work or
something then after doing some work
i'll get into my pajamas
and tidy my desks face away
i then like to wash my face this is also
when i'd have a shower
and then i also use some of this
glossier milky jelly cleanser then i
will put on my blue light glasses
blue light glasses basically block flu
light which means
that if you are gonna look at screens at
some point before bed
it prevents your brain from being
stimulated so it's easier to get to
sleep so
i turn off my main light but keep my
fairy lights on and i will get into bed
and i like to kill my laptop for a
little bit so i will usually
check youtube maybe watch a few videos
[Music]
this particular day it was quite late so
i didn't actually watch any youtube but
most
days i would then i also check the news
every evening
i read through the bbc and i
might also watch any key videos that
came out that day
about coronavirus um read the new york
times keep up to date with the american
elections
then i go over to notion and on notion i
have this daily journaling page so every
single day
i will just fill in these journal
prompts
so i made a standard template and every
single day i just duplic
duplicate that and put in the dates
yeah these are the questions i answer so
i write down three things i'm grateful
for
i write down a long long list of good
things that happened today then i give a
very brief crohn's virus update because
i think it will be interesting
to look back on in the future and i
write down the things i accomplish and
then i just write down any mental health
reflections
i think it's really important to reflect
on your mental health because i like to
try and be mindful of the way that i'm
feeling because
if i feel my mental health is declining
i obviously want to try and find a way
to fix that
[Music]
then after doing that i will obviously
read and
then go to sleep thank you so much for
watching today's video i hope you
enjoyed it and i hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]
you